README.md, before:

# Global API

API for NFT Marketplace

# Built in

MongoDB, JavaScript, MVC

# Main functionalaties

- get
- post
- get single nft
- delete and update nft
- Middleware In Node Js | How To Create Custom Middleware 
- User Router And Functions
- MVC (Model-View-Controller) Architecture Node Js 
- Express Middleware | How To Create Express Customized Middleware, API Middleware In Express, Node Js 
- Express Static File, Template, Folder & Data | How To use Express Js Static Website Template
- Environment Variables | How To Create And Check Global Environment Variables | Node Js API .env File
- Complete MongoDB Tutorial | How To Write Date To MongoDB Database | MongoDB Compass Setup
- Connecting MongoDB Database Atlas | How To Connect MongoDB Atlas Cloud Database To NFT API 
- Refactoring API Function, GetAllNFT, CreateNFT, GetSingleNFT, UpdateNFT, DeleteNFT
- Mongoose Schema Model | How To Build Mongoose Schema Model For NFT API Data | NFT Marketplace API
- Deploying Script For Demo NFT Data | Create Custom Deploying Script To Upload NFT Data To Database
- API Query | How To Create And Query In API | Complete Mongoose Query Model On NFT Marketplace #api
- Re-Watch -> API Filter | How To Create Mongoose API Filter Model | Complete API Filter Tutorial For Beginner [https://youtu.be/efoUO5xZ2W4?list=PLWUCKsxdKl0olgEF4OxXVk2B-jwpGqL5d] 
- Mongoose Sort | How To Create Mongoose Sort Model To Short Data | Complete Mongoose Sort Tutorial
- Mongoose Field Query | How To Create Mongoose Fields Query API | Complete Fields Query NFT #api
- Mongoose Paginate | How To Create Custom Paginations Mongoose API | NFT Marketplace API Pagination
- Top 5 NFT Route | Create Top 5 NFT Resource On NFT Marketplace API | How To Create Route In API
- API Features Reusable components | Refactoring, Filter, Sort, Fields And Pagination API Features NFT Marketplace API
- Mongoose Aggregate Example For NFT Stats Route, How To Create Mongoose Aggregation Pipeline Tutorial
- NFT Monthly Plan Route API | Create Subscription Model NFT Stats Data | NFT Marketplace API
- Mongoose Virtual | How To Create Mongoose Virtual Fields In Mongoose Model | Mongoose Tutorial API
- Mongoose Middleware | How To Create Mongoose Middleware | Complete NFT Marketplace API
- Mongoose Query Middleware | Secret NFTs, Mongoose Data Query Filter Middleware | API Course
- Mongoose Aggregate Middleware | Create Custom Mongoose Aggregate Modal For NFTs Top Stats Data
- Mongoose Validation | How To Validate NFTs Input Data With Mongoose In Build Validator | API Course
- Best NPM Validator Package | How To Use Data Validation NPM Package For Validating NFTs Input Data
- Error Handling Section | Project Setup Of Global Error, Introduction For NFT Marketplace, API Course
- NDB Error Debugging Tool By Google | Complete Tutorial On How To Debug Error In API Code, API Course
- API Error Handler | Creating Global API Error Handler Modal | Introduction To API Error | API Course
- Class API Error Module | File Structure For Handling Global API Error | Complete API Course
- Async Await Global Error Handler | How To Catch Async Await Error API | Complete API Course
- ...
- ...
- ...
- ...
- ...
- ...
- ...

# Import cmds

````
node nft-data/data/import-data.js --import
node nft-data/data/import-data.js --delete
````

Commit message:

Error Message And Status Code

README.md, after:

# Global API

API for NFT Marketplace

# Built in

MongoDB, JavaScript, MVC

# Main functionalaties

- get
- post
- get single nft
- delete and update nft
- Middleware In Node Js | How To Create Custom Middleware 
- User Router And Functions
- MVC (Model-View-Controller) Architecture Node Js 
- Express Middleware | How To Create Express Customized Middleware, API Middleware In Express, Node Js 
- Express Static File, Template, Folder & Data | How To use Express Js Static Website Template
- Environment Variables | How To Create And Check Global Environment Variables | Node Js API .env File
- Complete MongoDB Tutorial | How To Write Date To MongoDB Database | MongoDB Compass Setup
- Connecting MongoDB Database Atlas | How To Connect MongoDB Atlas Cloud Database To NFT API 
- Refactoring API Function, GetAllNFT, CreateNFT, GetSingleNFT, UpdateNFT, DeleteNFT
- Mongoose Schema Model | How To Build Mongoose Schema Model For NFT API Data | NFT Marketplace API
- Deploying Script For Demo NFT Data | Create Custom Deploying Script To Upload NFT Data To Database
- API Query | How To Create And Query In API | Complete Mongoose Query Model On NFT Marketplace #api
- Re-Watch -> API Filter | How To Create Mongoose API Filter Model | Complete API Filter Tutorial For Beginner [https://youtu.be/efoUO5xZ2W4?list=PLWUCKsxdKl0olgEF4OxXVk2B-jwpGqL5d] 
- Mongoose Sort | How To Create Mongoose Sort Model To Short Data | Complete Mongoose Sort Tutorial
- Mongoose Field Query | How To Create Mongoose Fields Query API | Complete Fields Query NFT #api
- Mongoose Paginate | How To Create Custom Paginations Mongoose API | NFT Marketplace API Pagination
- Top 5 NFT Route | Create Top 5 NFT Resource On NFT Marketplace API | How To Create Route In API
- API Features Reusable components | Refactoring, Filter, Sort, Fields And Pagination API Features NFT Marketplace API
- Mongoose Aggregate Example For NFT Stats Route, How To Create Mongoose Aggregation Pipeline Tutorial
- NFT Monthly Plan Route API | Create Subscription Model NFT Stats Data | NFT Marketplace API
- Mongoose Virtual | How To Create Mongoose Virtual Fields In Mongoose Model | Mongoose Tutorial API
- Mongoose Middleware | How To Create Mongoose Middleware | Complete NFT Marketplace API
- Mongoose Query Middleware | Secret NFTs, Mongoose Data Query Filter Middleware | API Course
- Mongoose Aggregate Middleware | Create Custom Mongoose Aggregate Modal For NFTs Top Stats Data
- Mongoose Validation | How To Validate NFTs Input Data With Mongoose In Build Validator | API Course
- Best NPM Validator Package | How To Use Data Validation NPM Package For Validating NFTs Input Data
- Error Handling Section | Project Setup Of Global Error, Introduction For NFT Marketplace, API Course
- NDB Error Debugging Tool By Google | Complete Tutorial On How To Debug Error In API Code, API Course
- API Error Handler | Creating Global API Error Handler Modal | Introduction To API Error | API Course
- Class API Error Module | File Structure For Handling Global API Error | Complete API Course
- Async Await Global Error Handler | How To Catch Async Await Error API | Complete API Course
- Error Message And Status Code | How To Send Custom API Error Message | Complete API Course
- ...
- ...
- ...
- ...
- ...
- ...

# Import cmds

````
node nft-data/data/import-data.js --import
node nft-data/data/import-data.js --delete
````
